feat: add checkstyle as new lint format (#496)
Redocly/openapi-cli: docs/commands/lint.md

In this format, `lint` shows the file name, line number, and column where the problem occurred. However, the output is compressed and omits other contexts and suggestions.

#### Checkstyle

```bash request
openapi lint --format=checkstyle
```

```bash output
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<checkstyle version="4.3">
<file name="openapi/core.yaml">
<error line="15" column="7" severity="error" message="Property `operationIds` is not expected here." source="spec" />
<error line="22" column="11" severity="error" message="Property `require` is not expected here." source="spec" />
<error line="14" column="7" severity="warning" message="Operation object should contain `operationId` field." source="operation-operationId" />
</file>
</checkstyle>
```

> Writes linting results to standard output in the [Checkstyle] XML report format.
> Due to the limitations of this format, only file name, line, column, severity
> and rule ID (in the `source` attribute) are included. All other information is
> omitted.
> 
> [Checkstyle]: https://checkstyle.org/

Reviewer: Same as above.

```suggestion
In this format, `lint` uses the [Checkstyle](https://checkstyle.org/) XML report format.
Due to the limitations of this format, only file name, line, column, severity,
and rule ID (in the `source` attribute) are included. All other information is
omitted.
```
